com/example/devops/BR.java
 com.example.devops.BR
com/example/devops/databinding/ListItemProductMarketPlaceBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.ListItemProductMarketPlaceBinding
com/example/devops/databinding/ImageSliderLayoutItemBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.ImageSliderLayoutItemBinding
com/example/devops/database/devops/DevOpsDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.devops.database.devops.DevOpsDatabase_Impl
 com.example.devops.database.devops.DevOpsDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/devops/database/devops/review/ReviewDao_Impl.java
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl$1
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl$10
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl$2
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl$3
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl$4
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl$5
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl$6
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl$7
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl$8
 com.example.devops.database.devops.review.ReviewDao_Impl$9
com/example/devops/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/devops/database/devops/userart/UserArtDao_Impl.java
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl$1
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl$10
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl$2
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl$3
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl$4
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl$5
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl$6
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl$7
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl$8
 com.example.devops.database.devops.userart.UserArtDao_Impl$9
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/devops/database/devops/shoppingcart/ShoppingCartDao_Impl.java
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$1
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$10
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$11
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$12
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$13
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$14
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$15
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$2
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$3
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$4
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$5
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$6
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$7
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$8
 com.example.devops.database.devops.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartDao_Impl$9
com/example/devops/database/devops/tag/TagDao_Impl.java
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl$1
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl$10
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl$2
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl$3
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl$4
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl$5
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl$6
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl$7
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl$8
 com.example.devops.database.devops.tag.TagDao_Impl$9
com/example/devops/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.devops.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.devops.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.devops.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/devops/database/devops/product/ProductDao_Impl.java
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$1
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$10
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$11
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$12
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$13
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$14
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$2
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$3
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$4
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$5
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$6
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$7
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$8
 com.example.devops.database.devops.product.ProductDao_Impl$9
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/devops/database/devops/order/OrderDao_Impl.java
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl$1
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl$10
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl$2
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl$3
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl$4
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl$5
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl$6
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl$7
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl$8
 com.example.devops.database.devops.order.OrderDao_Impl$9
com/example/devops/databinding/SearchingActivityBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.SearchingActivityBinding
com/example/devops/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.devops.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/devops/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.devops.BuildConfig
com/example/devops/databinding/ListItemProductShoppingCartBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.ListItemProductShoppingCartBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/devops/database/devops/artist/ArtistDao_Impl.java
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl$1
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl$10
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl$2
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl$3
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl$4
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl$5
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl$6
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl$7
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl$8
 com.example.devops.database.devops.artist.ArtistDao_Impl$9
com/example/devops/database/devops/bet/BetDao_Impl.java
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl$1
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl$10
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl$2
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl$3
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl$4
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl$5
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl$6
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl$7
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl$8
 com.example.devops.database.devops.bet.BetDao_Impl$9
com/example/devops/databinding/FragmentHomeScreenBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.FragmentHomeScreenBinding
com/example/devops/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/devops/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/devops/databinding/FragmentYoungArtBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.FragmentYoungArtBinding
com/example/devops/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.example.devops.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.example.devops.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/example/devops/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/devops/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/devops/databinding/ListItemProductMarketPlaceBindingImpl.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.ListItemProductMarketPlaceBindingImpl
com/example/devops/databinding/FragmentDetailViewBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.FragmentDetailViewBinding
com/example/devops/databinding/ListItemProductShoppingCartBindingImpl.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.ListItemProductShoppingCartBindingImpl
com/example/devops/databinding/FragmentShoppingCartBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.FragmentShoppingCartBinding
com/example/devops/databinding/FragmentShoppingCartBindingImpl.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.FragmentShoppingCartBindingImpl
com/example/devops/databinding/FragmentMarketPlaceBindingImpl.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.FragmentMarketPlaceBindingImpl
com/example/devops/databinding/FragmentDetailViewBindingImpl.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.FragmentDetailViewBindingImpl
com/example/devops/databinding/FragmentMarketPlaceBinding.java
 com.example.devops.databinding.FragmentMarketPlaceBinding
